hey guys what's going on cruelly here I
know I know you guys haven't seen me
forever I took a trip to Mexico as you
saw i posted a little video for that i
hope you like the wasting enrique
iglesias by the way but the university
starts tomorrow for me I know it's
Saturday so my university starts on
Saturday my summer ends and I figured I
haven't done a summer video I have to do
one for my subscribers because I've been
slacking with YouTube and slagging my
been lagging of on my facebook group so
I gotta get in it I gotta post this
video and show you guys what I've been
wearing in the summer my top 10 now this
list it's not going to be my favorite
fragrances in a row they're gonna be
listed from 10 to 1 in order of the
frequency of my Waring's how often I
wear them not necessarily the way I like
them you know what I mean so we're going
to start off if you want to see my last
year's top five for summer I'm gonna put
the link in the description below but
let's check out what I wear this summer
let's go bezel number 10 is canale man
this fragrance is nice fruity leathery
very masculine very good smelling as I
said if you like a Ventus check this out
this has a pineapple note in it as well
very nice Riggins more for summer night
in a summer day if it's really hot is
going to choke you out quite a bit so a
summer night there my number nine is uh
smells very similar to my former
signature scent it is Versace 4 ohm very
nice orange beautiful summer fragrance
refreshing that's all you can ask for in
some abrasions from versace pour own
number eight i recommended this when i
put us on a spot still love it mandalo
di sicilia by acqua di parma great
fragrance there's almonds in there some
some peach
very good fruity truly almond fragrance
very nice I liked it in the summer for
sure a little bit heavy so if it's
really hot again not the best choice but
if it's like a nice day not too hot
perfect go with that number seven number
seven is most people's number one a lot
of people is no word for somewhere for
me number seven dr on sport again it's
lemon and ginger very good very very
refreshing i'd love to send for summer
number seven again some of them you know
my like more than others but it's often
aware them and this one shows just that
i love this free again says you know
when i reviewed it I gave it number i
gave it nine out of 10 on my last summer
video i gave it was number one for my
summer for against this time it is
number six yes six creed virginal and
water i love the scent it's beautiful
coconut and lime very nice and there's
some ramen I dry down very nice i love
the scent the one of the best smells for
summer but I just haven't been wearing
it guys I mean I've been saving it for
summer 2013 I guess I don't know number
five is very famous again I don't know I
just haven't been wearing forever but
now I got it I got the feeling to wear
this one at number five ec miyake
actually posted on the facebook group
recently that it was my son of the day i
believe it was yesterday I like it's in
yak is nice then number four again this
is more of a night out sent for some
where you go out in the evening you know
after the sun is down it's getting a
little bit more chili a lower home from
Chanel this is now officially announce
it for the first time my top time for
summer this is my new favorite Chanel
it's great i love the scent i believe it
made in my in my collaboration one of
the two my favorite for summer sense
this was my one of the
one of the two that I had there anyways
number three like I said my favorite
chanel is a lure own but this one is
number three i lure own spork and that's
right it's still not going anywhere i'm
sure a lot of you thought that I don't
like it as much no I still like it I
worried third most out of any summer
fragrance that I have some still have
the love for this one I don't know I
haven't been wearing you know and quite
a bit and maybe six months eight months
and now I'm starting toward again it's
coming back my love for coming back
anyways number 2 i'm known for this one
for liking this a lot of kids are
thanking me for the recommending this
fragrance nautica voyage as you can see
how much I've been wearing it it's
almost gone wearing it like crazy
nautica voyage and a hot day I feel like
this one is nice and a hot dates like I
choked you out let me put it on actually
it's very smooth you know like it's it's
not gonna kill you in a Hyundai I really
enjoy that about it no sharp citrus
notes very calm anyways number one this
one I love this fragrance uh it's just
great fragrance for summer it is one of
those this summer has been quite hot and
this is one of those that just as you
can put as much as you want and then in
the summer heat and really burning heat
nothing's gonna happen it smells good it
doesn't choke you out and it is my
number one by far the most warm for
against the summer actually nautica
voyage here was you know I weren't quite
a bit baby this is number one most warm
fragrance l'homme yves saint laurent
amazing amazing so refreshing such a
good smell wonderful for the summer
burning heat amazing fragrance anyways
guys I hope you enjoy it again I'm going
to post a link to my summer list for
2011 my former list you can check out
other like then what I like now how my
pace change how this summer is different
from last summer and
going to post the link to my fragrance
facebook group check it out the friggin
stars you know czars is how we do it and
that's about it guys I'm sorry I haven't
been making videos if you want me to
review something that I have let me know
i'll review it if i haven't already done
so and i apologize again i'm gonna try
to be as active as possible university
starting tomorrow as i mentioned so it's
a big part of my life and I'm gonna I'm
gonna see if I'm going to be really busy
or gonna have some time I've been quite
busy lately I'm progressing with my life
in some ways where I just don't have
that much time stock trading takes up a
lot of my time I mentioned in my
previous video belief and I mention it
again I just I don't have that much time
on my hands anymore so i apologize if i
don't make as many videos do you like me
to thank you for my new subscribers
please stick by me I love my own
subscribers obviously and that's it see
you guys later your favorite Russian um
huh